# Idk

Date: July 14, 2024

So Mom:

1.  never able to give to nani
2. Atul always gives to dadi
3. Atul treates in a very orthodox manner 
4. Atul didn’t like mom having friends or dancing 

Atul:

1. claims mom is always fighting and mentally unstable 

### Giving dadi iPhone - why mom has issues-

Give it to Anush Akshu - non dadi. The good here is that Anush will probably get more out of the iPhone than dadi.

The thinng is that Atul wants to give it to dadi as ego boost - not the same as giving to Anush. Though giving to both will be good - it’s not affordable. 

The reality- Apple knows that old people who have never used a phone will use iPhone so they make it quite usable. While certainly Anush will get more out of it - the point of giving the phone is ego boost not increasing productivity.

To increase productivity perhaps an arduino could be given - would have the same impact but will be fraction of the cost.

Lesson here- identify the primarily objective of the action — here it is giving gift that will bost ego - giving apple products is perhaps the most iconic way to do that and hence that option is chosen. The goal never was to increase productivity of the family for this purchase.

### Giving Anush a Laptop

Mom suggestion - give the legion - it’s in the same price range as what Chacha is looking for and Yash and Anush have similar interests. He may use it

Reality- the price is not an indication of the laptop quality. While it’s true that Anush’s may get into things that require a GPU - it’s probably not going to be a good idea to give him a machine with the best GPU of todays generation when it will at least take him a few years to learn what a GPU is. He will maybe play with it a few lmyears later when the same compute will be much cheaper. 

If the goal is to give him tools that will allow him to play and explore - a computer such as raspberry pi zero is perfect. Or a pi 4 it is a new computer that he will play with and learn a lot more - it’s goal is to help him learn.

An analogy here is that if you want Anush to be a driver than you give him a Lamborghini because it’s the best car. Clearly that’s a bad idea - he will never be able to drive because Lamborghinis are just a hard first car.

### Yash always thinks I am the wrong one

Well it’s certainly not the case that i think you are always wrong. But at the same time - I don’t think you are always right either.

It’s just in that my last few weeks there are some things that I want you to improve on. One because you are going to need them in the next two months or else there may be a lot of fights and two because they will help you go from struggling to thriving.

1. Communication 
    
    Be it during middle school where you thought the optimal strategy was to tell everyone that I will be leaving a week prior to leaving or now when once again you yourself have not made any calls about me where you want to stay - you always communicate at the very last moment. The problem with that is that people don’t work on the last minute - so they always get stresed and that stress goes to you.
    
    It would be much better for you to communicate a but earlier. I don’t know why you are not
    

### Talking to papa like Yash is irritating me again about the jobs

It shouldn’t be surprising to hear that papa thinks the problem is yash and you don’t want to work when your complain starts like that. There is nothing wrong in saying I would want to work. Also do you really want to work- if you do why haven’t you gotten your license yet or taken any other initiative.