# IQ

Date: August 3, 2023
Tags: Informational

It’s about 11:20 and I didn’t go to gym today because I think I respected biswas too much and that is just wrong. However this blog post is about my plane thoughts on IQ. Here is what I think about IQ:

It is a wrong way to measure intellegence. I define a new test called “YQ” and the thing is this, if all the things that the science suggests IQ predicts, ranging from your net income to your sucesss at getting a job is defined by a test, it doesn’t need to ask you any questions, it is just a function of motivation + habit. 

You see, there are some people in my life that I know are great at everything, they are the fastest runners and somehow also the highest scoring people in a particular test and that is great. They are great at every single task but I am not sure they are the most sucessful breed of people out there.

I can promise myself that the people who have the most impact in this world are actually not the most perfect ones, in a weird way I belive that not having grit and not being the best can also serve you well.

I also think that IQ in general should be renamed to Grit. Intellgence is overvalued, grit is not valued at all. Anyone who has great IQ must also care a lot about their IQ, motivation is a key factor too. Regardless of what the person projects as their veiw on IQ, I suspect there is a high evidence there. 

In fact I am kind of confident that IQ is a bad test, and they way I think we should prove this is by designing YQ. In YQ, the tester will have to demonstrate grit, and I suppose one of the ways of doing it is to see how much time they can run on a treadmill at their peak heart rate. I think there will be a very clear corealtion between these two groups. 

I also supsect that the time and the location you take the test matters too. 

IQ is probably one of those things that plays a more than comfortable role in your life. I am slightly against it, I suspect it may have to do with the fact that I don’t have a score yet.