# UNC Chapel Hill

Date: October 14, 2023
Tags: Personal

Ok, so I am applying to University of North Carolina and they ask the following question:

Global Gap Year Fellowship
The Global Gap Year Fellowship allows students to defer their enrollment at Carolina to complete a year of service abroad. The fellowship includes mentoring, global networking, and an $8,000 stipend to help students complete their service commitment.

To be considered for this program, please answer the following question and respond to the short answer essay (250 words or fewer).

Would you like to be considered for the Global Gap Year Fellowship? *

I said yes,

The essay prompt is this:

Why do you want to participate in the global opportunities you’ve selected, and in what ways are you hoping to grow through the experience(s) 250 words?*

Here is my pre essay for this:

I want to come off as someone who is excited to learn new concepts and do new things. The only way I can guarantee myself to be a human being who loves every person is by being with people who are different than me and understanding them. Getting their vantage point at things, allowing me to never ever ever dehumanize a person again.

I want to come off as a really self aware person, who wants to ensure kindness and love around the world.

I also want to come off as a person who is really smart and would take a lot of advantage of this opportunity, however instead of telling that I want this to be shown. 

You can talk about how I came from India and in India I have helped mentor numerous kids for their SAT tests, teaching them test taking tips and tricks in a long distance manner and learning with them. (May be not though, just a random detail)

Finally, I want to come off as a person who is actively tying to make this world a better place - you can perhaps start the essay with this - I sleep in a very weird way where I always face the same direction, and at that side of the wall I have a art work that says - “Be kind” It’s the first thing that I see every day and the last thing that I see every night.

Finally talk about the importance of service and stuff like that.